fix(http): Fix headers doc to consider major protocol versions (#37194)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> **HTTP headers** let the client and the server pass additional information with an HTTP request or response. An HTTP header consists of its case-insensitive name followed by a colon (`:`), then by its value. {{Glossary("Whitespace")}} before the value is ignored.

Reviewer: The information about Whitespace being ignored is dropped. Is this OK/intentional?

Reviewer: FYI added below in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/37194#discussion_r1883049823

Author: Thank you, I'll apply a similar "like" fix for the next sentence

> In HTTP/1.X, a header is a case-insensitive name followed by a colon, then by its value like `Allow: POST`.

Reviewer: For some reason the "like" here feels wrong. I also thought it worth injecting that optional whitespace. To concider
```suggestion
In HTTP/1.X, a header is a case-insensitive name followed by a colon, then optional whitespace which will be ignored, and finally by its value (for example: `Allow: POST`).
```

Author: Much better, tnx

> In HTTP/2 and above, headers are displayed in lowercase when viewed in developer tools, like `accept: */*`, and prefixed with a colon for a special group of [pseudo-headers](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Messages#pseudo-headers), like `:status: 200`.

Author: ```suggestion
In HTTP/2 and above, headers are displayed in lowercase when viewed in developer tools (`accept: */*`), and prefixed with a colon for a special group of [pseudo-headers](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Messages#pseudo-headers) (`:status: 200`).
```
